and this time the first life completely
committed and I wasn't ready so I want
to hit the ramp as soon as I hit the
transition my knees bent buckled in my
heels dug into the snow and I just did a
left-hand hillside carve straight off
the ramp and I flipped upside down and I
remember I was trying to pull my legs
under softly I'll break my legs I'd
rather break my legs and my arms in my
head I was gonna kill me fall on my head
just before I hit the road I remember
thinking completely change my life
you guys extreme sportsmen like you all
the same you're not happy to be dead or
paralyzed instead just weeping noble in
that one person saying that my initial
thought was all as all I deserve to be
shot and shown at home
Midnight's practice I just want that
feeling feeling I get my choice
one of them our shoulder fellow just got
pulled out of its socket but had a
really good session when Corinne went
out and wakeboarding and after a million
tries I finally got up and I only skated
for I think my goal was 15 meters and I
got about 20 meters it was actually it
was kind of funny Josh oh we tried to
get him up out of the water that wasn't
really working for him so we trapped him
on a dock and we finally got him up and
I I haven't seen anyone so stoked before
my life he'd he had a smile after an ear
and he was just loving life you know to
be able to come and do something
concealed just sliding on the water was
something called never forget and I
don't think they've always realized how
much of a bigger role they played in my
life right now and next time back I'll
be knocking on their door and they've
got an amazing patience thanks everyone
for backing me and looking after me
while I've been up in gold it's been
awesome and can't wait for more